Rust locale (#533)
openSUSE/agama: rust/README.md

# Agama Command Line and DBus Interface

This project aims to build a command-line interface for
[Agama](https://github.com/yast/agama), a service-based Linux installer featuring a nice

> web interface. The second aim is dbus service that does not depend heavily on YaST to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
web interface. The second aim is D-Bus service that does not depend heavily on YaST to
```

## Caveats

* If no product is selected, the `probe` command fails.

## Packaging

A packaging files lives in `package` directory. Agama follows
[rust packaging guidelines](https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Packaging_Rust_Software).
For testing changes to spec file use simple `osc branch YaST:Head:Agama agama-cli`
and copy modified spec file to that branch.
If it needs also specific code from git branch, then modify `_service` file and
change git branch name in `<revision>` tag. Then run `osc service runall`.

> Note: for leap `cargo_audit` does not work with older python, so comment out that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: for openSUSE Leap `cargo_audit` does not work with older Python, so comment out that
```

Reviewer 2: Oh, _this_ is the part that I hit yesterday :facepalm: . I should read READMEs more often.
